president
You are the cloud manager of Skylark International
So I heard.
Skylark International is half of the country's happy talk
Almost half of the newcomers
It all relies on the connections and resources of Skylark International
Get a foothold in town
Foreshadows all capital shipping costs behind the full
Almost all of them were created by the CEO of Skylark International
I didn't expect it to be a woman
As far as I know
She was once under the guidance of the masked singing god
Worked in the entertainment industry
Later, with the help of the masked song god
Open up various channels
So there is the thoughtfulness of Skylark International
Notify
In the future, all the industries under my Skylark Group
Just save money first to spend
I will pay for it all
It's a kind of smile to my idol
Chief Inspector, are you mistaken?
He's just a piece of crap selling musical instruments
You are Jiang Rujiang Diva, right?
Hello Mr. Lin
Nice to meet you.
You can't live if you know each other, but I have to advise you
If you want to take your career to the next level
I suggest you change the season.
Pardon me?
What cloud manager
The president who treats a waste as an idol
It's the first time I've seen it.
Maybe.
It's this trash who paid a bitch
Are you putting on airs here?
One more word.
I let you not get out of this today.
Mr. Zhou further
And so forth.